rfc: queue rotation (#497)
simplex-chat/simplexmq: rfcs/2022-08-14-queue-rotation.md

participant R' as Server that hosts the new A's receive queue

A ->> R': create new queue
A ->> S ->> B: QNEW (R'): address of the new queue
B ->> R ->> A: QKEYS (R'): sender's key for the new queue (to avoid the race of SMP confirmation for the initial exchange)
B ->> R ->> A: continue sending new messages to the old queue
A ->> R': secure queue

> A ->> S ->> B: QREADY (R'): instruction to use new queue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A ->> S ->> B: QREADY (R'): instruction to send QHELLO to the new queue indicating that it's been secured
```
